# Service Architecture

Cloud4Wi Geo Service (referred as "GeoUniq") is provided through:

* **Tracking Engine**, implemented through the Geo SDK that must be integrated into mobile apps. The Tracking Engine performs always-on location tracking of the mobile device and sends updates to the Cloud4Wi platform.
* **Cloud4Wi platform**, which provides even complex geolocation analytics through a Web API.

## Projects and Client Apps

The main entity within Cloud4Wi Geo Service is said **Project**.

> Projects can be created through the [Console](https://console.geouniq.com/)

A Project is associated with an **API Key**, which is used for [authentication](/api/auth.md) purpose when performing requests to the Web API.

A Project can be configured with any number of **Client Apps**, each of which represents a mobile app for which Cloud4Wi Geo Service is desired.
A Client App always indicates a specific mobile platform.

> Currently, Android and iOS mobile platforms are supported.

> A Project can be configured with any combination of Client Apps regardless of the mobile platform of each of them.

Each Client App is associated with a **Mobile Key**, which is used ONLY on the mobile side.
The Mobile Key represents the main parameter that must be passed from the mobile app to the Geo SDK.

## Device Registration, Device IDs, and Device Base

When Geo SDK is integrated into a mobile app that has been configured as a Client App of the Project, every device on which the mobile app gets installed will be automatically registered by Geo SDK on the Cloud4Wi Platform.
Each of them obtains an ID, generated by the Cloud4Wi Platform, that can then be obtained by the mobile app.
This ID is said **Device ID**.

The set of devices registered for all the Client Apps of a Project consitutes a unique **Device Base** for the Project, regardless of the Client App they belong to.
Geolocation Analytics can be obtained for the whole Device Base but can also be obtained for each specific Client App.